it seems that the incident Luis Luis
forward you
how about eduardo very good night what
you can see these moments in
images of the people of United Puffs
Argentines and blind earlier with two
claims now for the first of them
it is usual the initiator with the return
of the visitors to the stadiums
Argentines the second one is called
to be able to go to the World Cup in that context
the police step back the revenues
We are attempting to Uruguay as per
talcahuano the fans are
approximately 200 guests
different clubs got on
the fence of the police and in these
moments are falling not
by order of the police but by order
of some bars that entered by
Cádiz in Talcahuano and they were told that
they lived down
right now
if I do not know what is very complicated what
I'm going to ask forgiveness, boy
that they are going to buy the ticket well that
they will give away the purchase
[Music]
the reality is that they want if they want
buy to keep paying the very expensive and
when they are going to have to demonstrate
also to be used and
Shredded joined Argentine 'Serb
in south africa
they came to south africa we have finished
very bad was almost everything is in
opposition to this moment but in
I was a while ago in Afa and
if it was there was already a very
strong calculating that it's going to go so
unless at least 18 fans especially
in the sight it seems that they are going to enter a
group of boys
even with a request received
disappointments
[Music]
louis I 'll ask you to read the petition to
see if we can
[Music]
in these moments they are
entering, you have to take out
these moments are seeing what they are
People who want to be equal do not
I keep
they are not answering questions but
we understand that they will take this
petition to July grandona who entered
around seven thirty of the
late to this place for the usual
meeting of the executive committee of afa
all auctioneers are made
principles do not want to converse with
we are interested in those reasons
However, July Grondona does not receive them
what will be there is a ticket table
to formalize the reception of this
request that he will surely do
this representative the possibility that
within 60 quite absolutely
fundamentally by now you know that the
excess or excess of tickets
eduardo so much in the german world cup
as the South Africa World Cup was due to
that there were many club leaders
minors who did not withdraw that no
they bought plants with which
will appear an important surplus what
It happens that now with Brazil with Oman in
car people are weird and everyone wants
your entry is very difficult that there
surpluses and much less in this
circumstance of being approached recently
remember that one of the guard capos
from Brazil he said directly that he was
friend of god of Alvarez who was made
friend through social networks and
they already had tickets for a lot
Today no one enters if it is not nominally
the entry has a surname or
you can not give one's tickets
to another is forbidden is absolutely
the fifa
300 then not us so far no but
I am a case that I had in Sudan in
germany when we went to the world
after the first time process
I'm going to buy a drink with my children and
when I realized card d
I feel just as lost I see the
side stand
in tribune three guys is watching me
insistently watched
then this guy and the rest are coming
they had company second time mister
marconi
it's good that alarmed you say you have
credit card in Spanish
sorry
I mean it has the beginning the beginning
of the chemical management first and if there
a dismay for some person is
located in that place automatically
Follow up on who gets the
they gave and the war is the last and already
we will see